PLP Academy: Welcome everyone to this afternoon session for software engineering essentials.
PLP Academy: I'm your read instructor check in
PLP Academy: and I'll be guiding you through today's less lesson.
PLP Academy: So basically, today, we want to unlock only 2 questions as an introduction like.
PLP Academy: why are we here? And how shall we be here? You know. Simple as that. Keep it simple.
PLP Academy: So
PLP Academy: I'll be guiding you on and asking your attending to all your queries, mostly pertaining your
PLP Academy: Rms navigation, so make sure that you tune in
PLP Academy: and be very attentive because I don't intend to do this any other time later, so make sure that you are very keen to reason and to pay attention
PLP Academy: so that your journey will be easier. And you'll have a simple time
PLP Academy: while navigating the Lms and working around Lms. So welcome to Prp Academy and
PLP Academy: here at Plp Academy. Learning happens on the Lms. Maybe you've never run through come across such a system before. But here we manage our running, using the running management system. That's what we call Lms
PLP Academy: and the Rms is just.
PLP Academy: This is is like, now, your actual classroom. Okay, this is where learning happens. Okay, so learning does not happen outside Lms. Here at the Academy
PLP Academy: learning happens within the Lms. So it's very important for you to be able to know how to navigate the Lms so that
PLP Academy: your learning journey will be simple and will make it quite wonderful. Okay, like there should be no struggle. You shouldn't struggle at all. And
PLP Academy: I told the morning class guys that we left struggles for our forefathers who are struggling for dependence.
PLP Academy: For us.
PLP Academy: We flow. Okay. So you should be having the flow. So I wanna give you the flow of events and how? Just laying a good
PLP Academy: orientation on how things will be here, and how we will be able to work around together so that your running journey will be quite a a swim, a soft, tensed swim. Okay? Yes.
PLP Academy: So let's start. So 1st for you to be here, you must have received your credentials, Login. Credentials on Lms, just in case you have any login issues. Now listen very well. If you have any login issues.
PLP Academy: that is, maybe you don't have a password, a username for the Lms. This is what you do.
PLP Academy: You come here at this button we call this button
PLP Academy: ticketing button. It has a question type on it.
PLP Academy: So the ticketing button, you can lace it for any technical issues. Maybe you logged in into your Lms, and you can't see anything. It's just blank. It can happen. Okay, maybe you log into your Lms, and
PLP Academy: there are some funny, funny, maybe weird messages. You can't understand what it is. Maybe you're told. I can't access content. Can't you know those there could be any weird thing that you encounter on the Ms. Now that's a technical issue. So, for that matter. We have the ticketing button. So click on the ticketing button, and then.
PLP Academy: fill in your names and your email, the email that you logged in. You registered to be. You registered Pnp Academy with
PLP Academy: your phone number
PLP Academy: and then state, what kind of issue are you facing, for example? Yeah, there are so many issues you can raise. For example, say, you have a login issue, okay? Or maybe a content issue or a progress issue, or something whichever issue you might be having. Okay. Sorry. Okay, so you stating, maybe a login issue?
PLP Academy: So maybe here, I can check maybe my name. I see it's Powerland.
PLP Academy: Hold on online.
PLP Academy: And maybe I enter my email Pfd Academy at, oh, I've had a lose.
PLP Academy: just just giving you a reference. So something of this sort.
PLP Academy: Then maybe I can put my number is 7, 6, 9, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
PLP Academy: That's it.
PLP Academy: Competent number.
PLP Academy: Oh, that's good.
PLP Academy: That's a good one. Yes. So
PLP Academy: then subject, maybe. Maybe the content can't access the content, content, access issue, content access issue.
PLP Academy: Then, after doing that, you stating your content access issue.
PLP Academy: You can elaborate. For example, you can do a screenshot of the problem.
PLP Academy: and you can tag a picture. You can, for example, tag a picture here.
PLP Academy: a picture of anything, maybe something you got or well, let's see.
PLP Academy: Oh, let us see, that's our picture. That's our snapshot. We snapped our
PLP Academy: whatever we were facing. So you can target, you see. So whatever that maybe you encounter, then you can give an explanation
PLP Academy: below of what it is. Okay
PLP Academy: of whatever thing that could be on your this image. Okay? And then after that, doing that.
PLP Academy: now you can. Now I'll make sure that
PLP Academy: you can now make sure that you are able to raise your ticket. Okay.
PLP Academy: yeah. Now you can be able. Maybe you can give a short description. I encountered this error I encountered.
PLP Academy: Based on, you know. Just yeah. Cool.
PLP Academy: That's cool.
PLP Academy: Please help.
PLP Academy: Okay.
PLP Academy: -Oh, nice so there we go.
PLP Academy: Once you have done that you can now lays the issue.
PLP Academy: You click this button. You see, this button is active. Now, lace issue. Now you just need to raise issue.
PLP Academy: Then wait within 3 to 24 h. Your issue should be attended.
PLP Academy: Okay, yeah. So once you
PLP Academy: just raise the issue, wait the the fastest or the quickest. Maybe the issue can be resolved is maybe within 3 h
PLP Academy: if it delays so much within maybe 24 h. Okay.
PLP Academy: cool. That is, if you have login issues. That's how you solve them. Cool now. Beyond login issues.
PLP Academy: Maybe you have.
PLP Academy: Oh, a question you're like, we have this button we call Faqs frequently asked questions.
PLP Academy: So, for example, this button will, you'll find some of the frequent common questions that students have raised before.
PLP Academy: Like, for example, can I code without a laptop? Maybe this was a question that was asked before. And you'll get an answer. You can code in a phone using reprit
PLP Academy: the Lms is also mobile, adaptive. We offer good experience on smart mouse. However, we suggest an Internet connected laptop or PC for best learning experience. Okay?
PLP Academy: How can I record classes for my reference? You see. So all these are types of questions that maybe students have asked before. And they've got answered. So you can use these faqs to see frequent ask questions. And your issue could be easily solved. Okay.
PLP Academy: that is that. So I hope you understand me very well when it comes to login issues and maybe content access issues.
PLP Academy: Now that's it.
PLP Academy: or we can also now, check on, what is the Lms like, why are we here? Okay.
PLP Academy: so first, st we are here because we want to learn software engineering.
PLP Academy: Okay, so basically, what that means. You will be equipped with software development issues.
PLP Academy: skills, not issues but skills. You'll be equipped with software development skills.
PLP Academy: Both in web based apps and mobile based apps. Okay?
PLP Academy: And also, once you are done with with that skilling, you will also receive a good nice
PLP Academy: orientation on specialization whereby you can specialize either to be a full web developer, or you can also specialize
PLP Academy: to be mobile web developer progressive web app developer.
PLP Academy: Or maybe you can also be able to check on
PLP Academy: you can also be able to
PLP Academy: login as specialized as an AI machine learning develop
PLP Academy: cool. So you can be an AI engineer after this.
PLP Academy: So our main model of communication
PLP Academy: for easy communication to your to you learners, we use telegram. So I hope you have a telegram app
PLP Academy: like this one mine installed in your phone. Or.
PLP Academy: yeah, the reason why we use telegram because it's easy to use. And mostly you find that.
PLP Academy: There is.
PLP Academy: It's it's it's allows.
PLP Academy: A lot of people, a lot of groups, large groups, organizations. So, for example, you can see, Feb. 2025 cohort announcements have around 6,001, 33 subscribers. So that's a right number. Whatsapp cannot hold that. So we end up using telegram. It favors as it can hold up to 10,000. So we are. We're covered by telegram.
PLP Academy: So maybe if you want to know our more communication link 3, maybe, on our media. There's this
PLP Academy: nice post that was made a few days ago on telegram. You can meet it here the link tree. It's all about Link 3
PLP Academy: and you'll find that we've got a very nice
PLP Academy: communication link tree of how we do our communication. So mostly
PLP Academy: join power and project official community. There you go.
PLP Academy: You can also join this code
PLP Academy: community fun, games, events, opportunities, all that there is power women
PLP Academy: now, each and every one of these.
PLP Academy: you just need to come here and check.
PLP Academy: If you want to connect, just click how you want to connect with them. Okay.
PLP Academy: yes, it becomes easier. It becomes easier.
PLP Academy: So through that, you can be able to connect our social media hurdles very easily on this screen. Okay?
PLP Academy: Wherever you want, wherever you feel.
PLP Academy: can be able to check. But make sure you are on telegram discord as well is something good.
PLP Academy: And yeah, you can follow us also on Instagram
PLP Academy: and other social media pages like X. And what have you? It's okay. Use that tree.
PLP Academy: Okay, it's that post is on yeah, it's here on.
PLP Academy: Oh, Teleclam, it was made on. Let me see the date.
PLP Academy: It was. I think it was of then of February 10 the the day the day the channel was created. You'll find that it was the 1st post. Yes.
PLP Academy: so you'll get it there. So make sure you log in that.
PLP Academy: After that there is something else I want you to check. For example.
PLP Academy: Oh, yeah, once you got accepted. This is also from the Terry grunt.
PLP Academy: Cool. Let me see. Let me see, there is this Rana guide. Oh, there is Lana Guide. Yes.
PLP Academy: Open. The Rama guide looks good.
PLP Academy: There, you go, this is our runner guide, okay, so you find, there is a, very good guide on for all runners.
PLP Academy: The project peer, peer, Academy.
PLP Academy: So
PLP Academy: there is the runner selection criteria that was followed. How did you come here? How did you make it here. So first, st
PLP Academy: we checked in the application form
PLP Academy: whether you 1st passed the literacy, there was a literacy test that you should have scored a 50%.
PLP Academy: But beyond that we checked whether you have access to a laptop or a computer.
PLP Academy: then Internet. After that, we check for the computer retract test.
PLP Academy: Okay? So if you are here, it means you should have access to Internet. And
PLP Academy: you have access to a laptop.
PLP Academy: Okay.
PLP Academy: yes, we as power. And we don't provide laptops. We don't provide Internet connectivity. It is you to ensure that you have those 2. Okay, it's on your side.
PLP Academy: Okay. So once we ensured you. Are there? Then this is our core learning modules. These are the basics. You learn software engineering essentials, what you're learning correctly.
PLP Academy: For the 1st 2 weeks.
PLP Academy: Then you learn also database you learn web development, employability and startup building
PLP Academy: and python. Those are basic modules.
PLP Academy: So this will take week, one up to around week 9. So you will go with them up week, one to week 8. You land us. Okay?
PLP Academy: Then after that, you will
PLP Academy: have to specialize after week. 8
PLP Academy: that is on week 9. You have specialization.
PLP Academy: Now on specialization. You specialize on full stack development month.
PLP Academy: These.
PLP Academy: It. It means man stands for Mongo, dB, express react and node. Js, okay.
PLP Academy: so man is specialization of web applications. It means you'll be a full developer, full staff developer in web applications.
PLP Academy: So software testing is all about being able to
PLP Academy: guarantee and prioritize performance of software.
PLP Academy: So you'll be know how to test the software
PLP Academy: whether it's an app and how to check quality assurance, automated testing and such. Okay.
PLP Academy: yeah, software testing is quite a high demand in demand skill in the current career. Choices
PLP Academy: then we will check on. You can also specialize with mobile friendly with that whereby you can learn how to develop a web. Progressive apps with mobile apps, either ios or
PLP Academy: android.
PLP Academy: Yes, apps that using that and frata. And then.
PLP Academy: after that, you can also specialize in AI and software engineering, whereby you run AI machine learning.
PLP Academy: you'll learn how to model AI machines
PLP Academy: and how you can automate tasks using? AI, okay?
PLP Academy: So basically, that's it. You can only specialize in one.
PLP Academy: Okay? So by the time you are at week 9, why not? You have, you have, evaluated yourself, maybe. What are your interests in tech?
PLP Academy: And then you will know which one to specialize in.
PLP Academy: Okay, then, how will the program do? So ours
PLP Academy: classes are 10 to 12 Pm. The 1st class 10 Am. To 12 pm.
PLP Academy: Then we have the afternoon class, the class you are in now 2 Pm. To 4 pm.
PLP Academy: And the last class is 6, 30 to 8 30 pm.
PLP Academy: East African time.
PLP Academy: Okay, we also, we also have gaming sessions on Saturdays from 11 am. To 12 pm. 1 h. Okay, so make sure you join in
PLP Academy: for games.
PLP Academy: Your running is a bit gamified. It's good.
PLP Academy: So how it works is that for the foundation for software engineering essentials runs for 2 weeks with one and 2 Monday to Friday.
PLP Academy: Then we have full stack
PLP Academy: week, 2 to 8, whereby you'll be learning about database, entrepreneurship, web development, python and gaming on Saturdays. Alright.
PLP Academy: then finally, we have specialization
PLP Academy: week, 9 to week, 15 or 16. There. Okay, so you'll have. That's how you'll spend your 16 months your 16 weeks.
PLP Academy: and you'll have some belief check-ins of startups where you can share progress and plans for casting accountability and collaboration.
PLP Academy: So basically, that's how your program is will be load out something else to note
PLP Academy: some of the key Lms features is my learning, submission, timetable groups, community ticketing, dashboard
PLP Academy: faqs, I've already shown you faqs and ticketing it. I've dealt with those 2.
PLP Academy: Shortly after our deal with them. With all these I'll show you how to work with all these others
PLP Academy: cool. All right, then. Some of the learning activities you get involved in is things like master class
PLP Academy: master classes. A master class is a simply a virtual class that happens once, and you are taught by an industry, a professional from the industry of tech.
PLP Academy: And then he will explain a concept. Maybe
PLP Academy: any concept be like, maybe AI agents, how you can maybe use AI agents in your job automation skills
PLP Academy: like one we had last weekend it was about AI agents. Yeah. So that is a master class.
PLP Academy: It happens once. So make sure you
PLP Academy: in your learning process you should at least attend 2 master classes. Okay?
PLP Academy: Also hack account.
PLP Academy: There is. There'll be hackathons. A hackathon is a competition.
PLP Academy: a competition to showcase your skills
PLP Academy: in terms of how you can implement your skills by solving real world solutions. Okay, so you are giving real world solutions to real world problems. Okay? So make sure you attend at least 2 hackathons in your running progress.
PLP Academy: Weekend challenges.
PLP Academy: boot camps. These are challenges that will come up during weekend, where you. You also contest for coding
PLP Academy: and developing great softwares
PLP Academy: over the weekend, and you can do it in groups. That's the beauty of it. Yes, you don't have to struggle around
PLP Academy: on her cabons. You can be able to present
PLP Academy: a project or an idea as a group or as an individual.
PLP Academy: Then we have coffee and coat.
PLP Academy: since most of our running is virtual.
PLP Academy: We have a physical event we call coffee and cold. So we we gather, maybe, for example, in an institution. Mostly this happens in Kenya and Nigeria, because that's where we have a lot of presence, physical presence students.
PLP Academy: We. We we look forward to expanding
PLP Academy: coffee and coat to other countries as time wraps up. Yes, we we will check how we can be able to.
PLP Academy: And lab, that we meet physically, we share coffee. We could.
PLP Academy: Okay, yeah. So that is that
PLP Academy: then we have town hall sessions.
PLP Academy: These are sessions designed for you to give feedback.
PLP Academy: Okay? So you have a session for giving feedback
PLP Academy: on. Maybe your progress. Maybe you're stuck somewhere. You can be able to raise your hand and say, Hey, I'm how finding it difficult here. And here, please help. And you get helped. Okay.
PLP Academy: we also have guest lectures.
PLP Academy: Now, guest lectures are those
PLP Academy: moments when, for example, I'm the read Module instructor for software engineering. You can invite others lecturers to come and
PLP Academy: playing on a concept like tomorrow.
PLP Academy: Invite a guest lecture just to take you through it. And github
PLP Academy: so I can invite guest lecturers to take you through a concept.
PLP Academy: Yeah. Guest lectures. We talk of guest lectures, then we have certification.
PLP Academy: Now, the certification. Here we have 2 types of certificates.
PLP Academy: The 1st type of certificate is certificate of achievement.
PLP Academy: It's awarded to those who meet evaluation criteria, that is.
PLP Academy: you develop a fully functional project
PLP Academy: and you successive freeze. Submit a pitch deck.
PLP Academy: So certificate. This certificate of achievement recognizes outstanding performance and the ability to apply learn skills
PLP Academy: in a practical setting.
PLP Academy: So recipients of these, anyone who receives this certificate of achievement.
PLP Academy: Will be pressed in the talent. Tama.
PLP Academy: full of job opportunities, access and potential career placements.
PLP Academy: We intend to praise more than 3,000
PLP Academy: people to connect more than 3,000
PLP Academy: people to jobs. So make sure you fall under this certificate of achievement.
PLP Academy: Yes, you deliver a competent, fully functional project at the end of your 16 weeks of running, then
PLP Academy: we have certificate of participation. Say, for example, for whichever reasons you are not able to
PLP Academy: do a fully functional project, and you are not able to deliver a pitch deck. So
PLP Academy: you but you are active on the Lms. Very active.
PLP Academy: and you followed through all the modules you completed them 100%. Remember, as you study the module, it will show you the percentage you've covered.
PLP Academy: Okay. So assuming you've covered all the modules to an extent of 100%.
PLP Academy: This certificate is meant to acknowledge your commitment in learning.
PLP Academy: even if there is piece even if you do not meet any additional evaluation criteria.
PLP Academy: So
PLP Academy: The only thing that it doesn't do it does not grant you access to current hub
PLP Academy: or job opportunities. So this one, after you are done.
PLP Academy: we say, thank you for participating. God bless you. And happy future. Okay.
PLP Academy: yes. So that is how it goes.
PLP Academy: So for achievement, you are required to have a fully functional project, a pitch deck
PLP Academy: recognition or level that it means you have an outstanding performance.
PLP Academy: and it will also give you access to parent hub and job access. So it's required for you to be able to progress
PLP Academy: your piece for participation. All you need is commitment in learning.
PLP Academy: Okay, yes. So that is it, and make sure that you are able to
PLP Academy: progress on every module, a hundred percent, and you are good that one will give you
PLP Academy: participate certificate of participation.
PLP Academy: Then we go to project evaluation criteria. Now for those I hope most of you and I hope all of you will go for project
PLP Academy: a certificate of achievement.
PLP Academy: So that guys, you get pressed for jobs. Okay, yes, those jobs are for you. 3,000, plus all the jobs are for you.
PLP Academy: Okay? So make sure you do that. You join in so that you can be able to
PLP Academy: grab yourself a job.
PLP Academy: So when you deliver a project, we check one on code quality.
PLP Academy: What's the quality of your quote.
PLP Academy: you run Whatsapprod quality as you progress.
PLP Academy: Okay, documentation. We'll check on how you've documented your solution.
PLP Academy: The quality of your pitch deck.
PLP Academy: how well organized your pitch deck. Do you learn how to organize speech decks here very nicely and swiftly.
PLP Academy: the innovations and problem solving skills you have shown in your problem.
PLP Academy: We check your user experience engagement with your
PLP Academy: project. That is the software product you're creating.
PLP Academy: And we will also check conversion control. Mostly, we do this using git hub.
PLP Academy: So for you to be able to progress in this module, whether you will get a certificate of achievement or participation, you must have a Github account.
PLP Academy: So through Github account we can be able to check on your commitment and the commits the type of
PLP Academy: oh.
PLP Academy: engagements you've made with your project so that we can know that for sure. This is your project.
PLP Academy: and this one is, we are very keen, especially for those group projects.
PLP Academy: You can't claim to be doing a group project. Mostly group projects will involve 5
PLP Academy: or less between 3 to 5 people.
PLP Academy: Now, you can't claim to be doing an old project.
PLP Academy: and you've done nothing. You have 0 commits for that project on your Github Lepo. Okay, so we will check to certify that if you're saying, this is a group project.
PLP Academy: then you've already participated. You've already done enough and you've done your work
PLP Academy: in the group project. We check that.
PLP Academy: Okay.
PLP Academy: yes. And I think that's a that's a good thing that you can be able to do project as a group.
PLP Academy: It's a beautiful thing. Yeah, you can be able to present one as a group
PLP Academy: in group of 3 to 5 maximum cool.
PLP Academy: And finally, we do reach out to you guys.
PLP Academy: just in case we realize you've not been able to log in to the Lms.
PLP Academy: Because I've told you that learning here happens on the elements. So if you realize that you've not been able to
PLP Academy: attend classes, live classes, or even check on Lms
PLP Academy: we might reach out to you through the contacts. Info you've given us. That is, email
PLP Academy: for phone calls, texts, or maybe Whatsapp chats.
PLP Academy: And just see whether we can help you to catch up and to come, maybe to be able to
PLP Academy: come back to the running process. Okay.
PLP Academy: yes. So we can reach out to you
PLP Academy: and then reach outs happen once per month.
PLP Academy: not everyone here and then, but mostly once month.
PLP Academy: Okay, that's say so. You'll be having pitching sessions.
PLP Academy: You'll be taught how to pitch your projects
PLP Academy: definitely from week 9, I think. There. So.
PLP Academy: And then what you do, you 1st project, do project submissions and evaluations and the selection of the top projects begins. Once you
PLP Academy: are done with your final project.
PLP Academy: then we have group pitching guide.
PLP Academy: So just in case you want to pitch as a group. We have a special guide for you. How it is done. As a group.
PLP Academy: We have presentations to the entrepreneurship team.
PLP Academy: That is the 1st team you pitch to.
PLP Academy: they will check the quality of your
PLP Academy: pitch, deck product and so forth. And then they were maybe validated
PLP Academy: maybe to go to the next step, whereby you have one on one pitching guide as well.
PLP Academy: And then, there is the presentation to Prp management team, and after that
PLP Academy: they will select the Prp management team will select the top 3 best projects
PLP Academy: and those top 3 best projects are awarded during graduation.
PLP Academy: And you're given cash cash bids in dollars.
PLP Academy: Okay, nice cash bits. I think the 1st project last year one
PLP Academy: was given, I think, $12,000.
PLP Academy: Wow!
PLP Academy: What can you do with $12,000.
PLP Academy: Oh, just for doing your work. Okay? Because I think that's good money. So yeah.
PLP Academy: I hope the money will still remain the same. So yeah, there's a cash bid for you. You'll be given a gift. You'll be gifted. I wanted that if your project is among the top 3,
PLP Academy: all right, so make sure you do deliver a good
PLP Academy: competent projects so that one you don't miss out the cash.
PLP Academy: I think 12,000 can really come in handy.
PLP Academy: Doras can really come in handy.
PLP Academy: Yeah, you know, in such a, in such a, in such a
PLP Academy: project competence. Competition. Okay, that's good.
PLP Academy: Then there is the graduation part. So our graduation is virtual. It happens virtual
PLP Academy: after we've still done assessment and certification.
PLP Academy: So we check on class attendance.
PLP Academy: We check on the Faroes active participation project, completion, master classes and boot camps and town halls and pitch deck submission. We'll check on all that.
PLP Academy: Yes, allow me to speak about deferrals. If you ever check on deferral.
PLP Academy: maybe for any reason you are not able to continue with the learning
PLP Academy: you can defer, but deferring means you. It will affect your future eligibility.
PLP Academy: scholarship. You cannot be considered for any future scholarship.
PLP Academy: because it means you when you are given that opportunity.
PLP Academy: You didn't maximize on it. And so we can't trust that even if you're given it again, you can be able to utilize it. Okay.
PLP Academy: yes. So that's how it can affect your progress.
PLP Academy: So we have a talent department that checks on you once you finish the calls
PLP Academy: it gives a nice assessment the complete project. Polish up Cv. And check all the boxes that you've got all it takes, and then they craft a pitch deck for you
PLP Academy: so that you can be able to do an elevation pitch to
PLP Academy: industrial employers. And yeah, they help you in job placement.
PLP Academy: I hope all of you get to that department.
PLP Academy: Yes, we hope to transition out of you.
PLP Academy: So if you don't participate, if you lack active participation in the program, you will be dropped off.
PLP Academy: you will be dropped off.
PLP Academy: That means we realize that you are not attending classes. You are not accessing the elements.
PLP Academy: So what, however, just happened will just be dropped off.
PLP Academy: and you'll be discontinued from the program, and you will not be accepted in future. Cohorts.
PLP Academy: Sponsorship.
PLP Academy: Okay.
PLP Academy: I had already talked about deferment. Yes, so the it is. And like I said, if you defer
PLP Academy: you, it might affect it will directly affect your future eligibility, feature, scholarship, and sponsorship.
PLP Academy: Okay, so that is it.
PLP Academy: And that is that.
PLP Academy: So? That is how why we are here.
PLP Academy: And I hope everybody got it clear as to why we are here.
PLP Academy: All right.
PLP Academy: Yes, now that's it.
PLP Academy: I can now progress. How shall we be here, let me progress to how shall we be here?
PLP Academy: So that is that so? Let me 1st give you a break so that you can zip your coffee.
PLP Academy: I know I've given you a lot of information.
PLP Academy: Yeah, so just order it. Yeah.
PLP Academy: I'll come to your questions at the end of my
PLP Academy: after after this. Shortly after this
PLP Academy: I'll address all the questions, so keep them posted on the Q. And A. Section.
PLP Academy: Yeah, I might not be able to follow up the chat. So make sure you maximize on the Q&A section. I think I'll be able to follow up that.
PLP Academy: Okay, nice.
PLP Academy: So how shall we be here.
PLP Academy: So we will be here by attending classes on the Lms.
PLP Academy: So this is the Lms, so basically on the Lms, the 1st part is my learning.
PLP Academy: So my learning, you should see the modules that are accessible to you.
PLP Academy: For example, at this point you should only have one module, that is, software engineering, only
PLP Academy: the rest will appear and they will unfold as you progress.
PLP Academy: Okay? So after 2 weeks you'll have access to database entrepreneurship and personal development skills, web technologies, python and such, you get
PLP Academy: as you progress. When you go to specialization based on your specialization.
PLP Academy: You'll have access to other modules like AI for software engineering, full stack web man develop with development, with man, software testing and such.
PLP Academy: So that is that and that and fat as well.
PLP Academy: So. But as for now so the only module you should be able to see is software engineering.
PLP Academy: Yes, software engineering role. Okay, so there you
PLP Academy: is where you get the lessons. So you click on software engineering. You see, there are 2 types. There is curriculum. You click on day one you'll be able to see day one.
PLP Academy: for example, lesson one, how to use the Lms.
PLP Academy: It's very nice lesson the aim of this lesson is just to is the lesson we are learning today.
PLP Academy: It's basically to help you run through the Lms. There are some videos, nice videos. You can watch
PLP Academy: on how to work on the Lms.
PLP Academy: And everything. For example, we can see how to work on peer to peer as a group.
PLP Academy: Hello! This is how you access the peer-to-peer review feature on the Lms system on the left navigation menu. Select my groups
PLP Academy: under my groups, select your designated group, which will be listed on the my groups. Page. This will navigate you to a page with features such as your group, name submissions, and peer to peer review feature on the peer to peer review page, you'll find options such as the group name the submitted file, the rating and ad review view, the submitted files
PLP Academy: for which you are making a review for, and then make a review of the file on the add review option
PLP Academy: cool. So we give you that opportunity. You'll be having opportunity to run as groups so you can be able to work as groups
PLP Academy: on may, maybe assignments. You have assignments that you can work on as a groups.
PLP Academy: We call them peer to peer groups. So we'll be grouped soon.
PLP Academy: So you to access peer groups. You just need to check on groups the groups option. You'll find your group there.
PLP Academy: and mostly there is
PLP Academy: group members. I was up Link, where you can be able to link up with those group members. And I believe that has already been done.
PLP Academy: We should be in already in a clear group.
PLP Academy: And yeah, making sure that you are running together. It's for easy learning.
PLP Academy: That's it.
PLP Academy: After my learning we have dashboard
PLP Academy: dashboard. You check on your progress.
PLP Academy: Mostly, for example.
PLP Academy: Oh, just in case this message appears, rewrote.
PLP Academy: Maybe it tells you it couldn't load anything, just load the page. It should behave well.
PLP Academy: For example, you will get the progress of every module
PLP Academy: you are on. For example, let me check on my software engineering
PLP Academy: and see progress, 80%. Okay, cool. So there are things I need to do get
PLP Academy: so for you to get a participation, a certificate of participation.
PLP Academy: you should at least finish all these modules up to a hundred percent.
PLP Academy: That's cool. It will give you the progress. That's why we have dashboard just for you to be able to see the progress. You'll also see the Reader Board.
PLP Academy: See on the Reader Board you get to see who is leading in terms of Lms usage. Okay.
PLP Academy: You know, some of you are here today. Maybe it's your 1st time to log in the Lms.
PLP Academy: The Ms. Was opened for you guys on Friday.
PLP Academy: and now on Friday evening I remember there is a student who called, who who emailed me
PLP Academy: and asked me how to progress to week 5 assignment.
PLP Academy: I don't know how fast she was
PLP Academy: able to navigate through the Lms. I think she was waiting for it to be open now. Once it was opened, she went through, did all the assignment. And I think she got some challenges. And I helped her to be able to
PLP Academy: overcomplete that challenge. So
PLP Academy: basically, that's it. So there's there are people you realize there are people who do very much on the Lms. So every activity you do on the Lms is like Connect.
PLP Academy: And because it's recorded, it's given an award.
PLP Academy: Given an art so like, if you are 1st one like this guy here for this cohort
PLP Academy: you'll receive a badge free badge of being there on the Reader board for the Lms.
PLP Academy: Okay, yes, you can see my score is quite down I need to improve
PLP Academy: on how I'm using my Nms
PLP Academy: cool. Cool. Oh, I need to work hard. Okay, cool. So if your Lms score is very down, work hard to be on the leaderboard.
PLP Academy: Okay? And so that you can receive those badges. Okay, so that is dashboard. It shows you your progress. You'll be able to see your progress
PLP Academy: again on the dashboard. You see the events. You see the events. So assuming there's an upcoming event, it will be uploaded here. You'll see the event. Details here on the events. Part
PLP Academy: timetable. Okay.
PLP Academy: Cord.
PLP Academy: Now, after dashboard, there is class sessions.
PLP Academy: I don't know how you logged into today's class, but I hope you. It's my hope that you came.
PLP Academy: You logged in through the class session on the Lms.
PLP Academy: Because
PLP Academy: like, I've said your usage of the Lms. Your activities on the Lms is recorded, and it's your rewarded points. Okay, so to increase your points, always make sure that you log in every class using the Lms.
PLP Academy: So if you want to attend a class.
PLP Academy: it's very easy. You just need to click, maybe on
PLP Academy: I like today is 24.th So I think, I can just
PLP Academy: book here. If I want to book tomorrow's class, I can just click here.
PLP Academy: I can be able to click here and register to join. Okay, you register.
PLP Academy: Maybe you should register before 12 h before class, from 12 h you can go ahead and register.
PLP Academy: Yes. So that's how you are able to join classes.
PLP Academy: Okay, make sure you join classes for Lms school.
PLP Academy: That's it. We have the other part of submissions.
PLP Academy: So maybe you have submitted quiz and results. After you've submitted, you can be able to see
PLP Academy: your quiz results. Unfortunately, I don't think I've
PLP Academy: I don't think I've submitted them.
PLP Academy: I don't think so. I've not submitted it. So there is no data for me, no data that can be.
PLP Academy: Let me see the software development. Okay.
PLP Academy: nothing. I don't think there is anything for me there.
PLP Academy: But if maybe you submitted also assignment.
PLP Academy: you will see the assignments you've submitted here.
PLP Academy: Okay, where they are, you'll be able to see the assignment submitted.
PLP Academy: Say, for example, let me show you how to submit assignment. So you just go to my learning.
PLP Academy: let me see, let me check for a for a module. I've not unload because I know for software engineering I've unload.
PLP Academy: But okay, let me, let me just use software engineering.
PLP Academy: It's okay.
PLP Academy: So there you go.
PLP Academy: let's go to the one assignment, the one assignment
PLP Academy: there is the assignment. I'm there. I'm on the assignment.
PLP Academy: so you are told to follow instructions, provided
PLP Academy: the deadline is on March that 1, 2520, 25.
PLP Academy: So make sure that by March, that one you've are done with all the software engineering essentials.
PLP Academy: Oh, assignments. And you are done. Okay? So there are some good instructions of how to like
PLP Academy: be able to go around they assignment alright.
PLP Academy: So you read those instructions, and after reading the instructions.
PLP Academy: you go ahead now and do the assignment
PLP Academy: so you can click here, click here.
PLP Academy: we right click once you right click.
PLP Academy: say, open right link in a new tab open link in a new tab. There you go.
PLP Academy: and it should open and ask you to accept. Once you accept, you should find this. Okay
PLP Academy: you should find a Github web.
PLP Academy: So click on that, Github repo, you find.
PLP Academy: okay. The reason why you have seen that for me it has not prompted me to accept
PLP Academy: is because I've accepted the I've accessed these assignment before you get so click on the Github level.
PLP Academy: So you need a Github account before you attempt an assignment.
PLP Academy: You need a github account.
PLP Academy: And you don't have to worry. I'll show you how to create one. It's very easy.
PLP Academy: You don't have to worry. You don't have to struggle creating a github account.
PLP Academy: So once you're on your Github account repo.
PLP Academy: All you need to do is make sure you.
PLP Academy: For example.
PLP Academy: Oh.
PLP Academy: make sure you are on that level. And once you are on the Lepo, that is software day one.
PLP Academy: Project the eighties.
PLP Academy: Just edit. Edit. This.
PLP Academy: Lead me this lead me. Fire is the one you edit.
PLP Academy: Okay, see here, there is a prompting you open in visual studio code. You can do that. No problem.
PLP Academy: But I think the most important thing is just a bit.
PLP Academy: Update this software this lead me?
PLP Academy: Answer the questions. You see, there are questions here, answer them in your best knowledge possible.
PLP Academy: and then commit once you commit
PLP Academy: and save, commit the changes, just click here at code and check for https.
PLP Academy: Copy the URL alright, copy the URL alright, and once you copy the URL just go in.
PLP Academy: paste it at the submission part.
PLP Academy: And it's that easy to submit an assignment.
PLP Academy: Okay, you just paste it there and submit.
PLP Academy: Okay, now, it is possible, for example, sometimes to light, click the link.
PLP Academy: and instead of giving you it, or instead of it redirecting you to a repo. For example, the way you've seen, I've right clicked. Opening a new tab, I found a nice lepo that has got good information. It is possible that this Lepo, you click here. It's possible for you to be directed in an empty Lepo.
PLP Academy: An empty report is a report that has nothing. Okay, so don't worry in case that happens just right. Click here there is. So that's that's why there is that instruction. If redirected to an empty repository.
PLP Academy: follow these instructions below.
PLP Academy: So you link you right click
PLP Academy: open in a new tab. So this one it will give you a document that has the questions. The same questions you would have found
PLP Academy: on the Github repo. Okay, so copy of these questions. You can just copy all right.
PLP Academy: And once you copy
PLP Academy: you can even answer fast. 1st answer the questions and copy. Then copy, paste
PLP Academy: you paste them on a readme file. You just come here and now on the empty lepo
PLP Academy: you can add a new file. You can add a new file, just add a new file, and on that add new file. It should be a readme.
PLP Academy: and so that I don't need me. Fire.
PLP Academy: and on that lead me fire. Make sure.
PLP Academy: Make sure. Oh, I've not signed in. That's why it cannot be able to. Okay.
PLP Academy: let me sign in so that you can be able to see.
PLP Academy: Okay, so cool. So
PLP Academy: so you can add a new file. Just add a new file, create a new file. Make sure it's a readme copy. Paste your work there. Okay, just paste. Let's assume we are pasting, copy, paste your work there and then commit. Okay.
PLP Academy: and once you commit you make sure you give your fire a name. Maybe you call it assignment
PLP Academy: assignment, whatever maybe assignment one or day one assignment.
PLP Academy: Yes, so let's call it day, one day one assignment
PLP Academy: and md. Dot dot markdown file.md.
PLP Academy: then I can commit the changes. Okay.
PLP Academy: that's all. You can commit the changes, and that's all you see.
PLP Academy: So that is what you do here. It is. So the assignment will be created here.
PLP Academy: Get I've created it. That was an assumption like the way I've told you. Assuming you are open an empty nepo. That's how you go about it, you create a new
PLP Academy: repo and you you make sure that you just create a new file and add it to your repo to that repo that you found empty.
PLP Academy: But if the empty, the file repo is not empty, it has an assignment like this one. Just click edit
PLP Academy: type your answers to the best of your knowledge, for example.
PLP Academy: and maybe once you are done, commits changes, and once you commit changes you could.
PLP Academy: Then you can just come here at code.
PLP Academy: Make sure it's on https, not Ssh or Github Cri. Just that, and then copy the URL
PLP Academy: alright. Copy the URL and then go to Erp academies, submit
PLP Academy: and then submit. You paste this submit and then submit. Okay, parade venture. You realize.
PLP Academy: Sorry a minute.
PLP Academy: Okay. So, para adventure. You have entered the long, maybe submission at your submission level. 1st submission, you submitted the wrong link.
PLP Academy: You can just go to your oh, Github Lepo, correct.
PLP Academy: pick the correct link, and then once you pick the correct link, come here at submissions.
PLP Academy: and then assignment submission, check on the assignment that you submitted wrongly, and then edit. Click, edit, you can change the link and then update. You just need to maybe like
PLP Academy: delete that link.
PLP Academy: And then you paste the new link that you think is correct and then update.
PLP Academy: Hear that the assignment link will be updated successfully.
PLP Academy: Cool.
PLP Academy: It's that easy.
PLP Academy: I hope that clears the air on how to submit assignment, how to correct assignment links.
PLP Academy: and how to make sure that you update your assignment links just in case you submitted along
PLP Academy: or repo assignment.
PLP Academy: Now note, you must have a Github account for you to be able to attempt an assignment
PLP Academy: you just need to go to github.com and github.
PLP Academy: com oh, not dashboard! just.com.
PLP Academy: It will sign into my dashboard. Let me sign out
PLP Academy: so that you can see what you will see if it's your 1st time to see Github.
PLP Academy: Okay?
PLP Academy: So there I go. This is what you find in the beginning. Okay.
PLP Academy: just say, sign up for Github.
PLP Academy: Okay?
PLP Academy: And just create an account. Just like the way you create an email account or any other online account, you'll be told to test whether you are a robot. Make sure you verify you are not a robot.
PLP Academy: and you'll be good.
PLP Academy: Alright. Yes, you'll be pretty cool.
PLP Academy: Maybe you and don't struggle. You should not struggle to create a github account. Just go to Youtube.
PLP Academy: com
PLP Academy: maybe for easy for easy throw, I've told you. Struggles struggling. We left it to our independent, our forefathers,
PLP Academy: Who are struggling for our independent.
PLP Academy: So nowadays we don't struggle. There is information for anything you want to do.
PLP Academy: So just say creating a github account.
PLP Academy: Github account
PLP Academy: creating a github account. Okay? Yeah. So there is very many videos to show you how to create Github account, even how to use Github. Okay, yes. And how to work around. Github. Yeah. So
PLP Academy: just so do not struggle.
PLP Academy: Do not struggle in any way. Okay, yes, all right, that's it.
PLP Academy: Hopefully, by tomorrow make sure you have a Github account, or by after this make sure you have a Github account.
PLP Academy: and you can be able to submit the assignment
PLP Academy: alright. After that there is the community tab.
PLP Academy: Now on the community Tab, you can get to connect with other people all right.
PLP Academy: And you can get to
PLP Academy: connect with other people who have been in the Peer Peep Academy program. Okay? Yes. And you can comment, you can cheer others. You can, for example, help
PLP Academy: Anthony Mordeki is asking, has anyone successfully registered for today's class? And you can comment.
PLP Academy: yes, I have. Yes, okay.
PLP Academy: cool. So you see. So that's that's it.
PLP Academy: Maybe if somebody knows you, for example, you can see. Somebody asked him. Told him to use Google meet. Maybe there is. That's a buddy who knows Anthony Madiki and then use. He asked him to use Google meet. Okay, I don't know which kind of class is that.
PLP Academy: But maybe they they had a crash on Google. It could happen okay.
PLP Academy: if you had. If you have made any posts you check here on, what have you posted?
PLP Academy: Fortunately, I've posted nothing so far. So good.
PLP Academy: Okay, yes.
PLP Academy: This. This account is just to help you to understand
PLP Academy: the runner. It the learner perspective. Actually, I don't use this, I use my admin account. So merely, will I post anything. This?
PLP Academy: Okay, that's cool.
PLP Academy: So that is that interact with the community.
PLP Academy: The more you interact with the community, the more it you earn, more rewards points. That's that's really helps to gain reward points.
PLP Academy: Finally, but not least. But we have gemini tab.
PLP Academy: This is the tab that I hope you will interact with the most
PLP Academy: because it is very helpful in when it comes to like walking around in the
PLP Academy: Lms. So especially for your assignment, you can always con connect with Gemini
PLP Academy: and with the light prompts it can help you to successively. Do your assignment? Well, okay.
PLP Academy: yes. So it's a good tool
PLP Academy: and also notes. Maybe there is something you've read and you've not understand. You've not understood. Well, say, for example, you are on my learning, and some something was just mentioned. Belief. Maybe, like, for example, you find
PLP Academy: something like software project management was highlighted. And you are like, what is that? Then you can just come here. Ask Gemini what is software project management?
PLP Academy: It will give you nice details of what is software project management, and
PLP Academy: gemini will never be mad at you to tell you. Oh, you've asked me too many questions.
PLP Academy: Yeah, he, Gemini? Mr. Gemini is a good one.
PLP Academy: who will always answer your queries as they come through.
PLP Academy: So hope you interact with Gemini more.
PLP Academy: Finally, we have the certificates part whereby, if you have any certificates, they'll be posted here.
PLP Academy: Alright.
PLP Academy: Yeah, they'll be posted here
PLP Academy: and you will enjoy the certificates any certificates you have. Maybe you've participated in power hack
PLP Academy: or hacker bombs.
PLP Academy: You will see that as certificates
PLP Academy: updated there, or maybe you've completed your session, you have a certificate of participation. It should appear there, or certificate of achievement, it should appear there
PLP Academy: cool also.
PLP Academy: Now here there is, some more information about
PLP Academy: Your cohort, for example. This was for safaricom book cohort
PLP Academy: channel. So so for you as it should be leading Feb. 2025
PLP Academy: cohort. Yes. Oh, cohort, I mean cohort 6, if I'm not long.
PLP Academy: Oh, yeah.
PLP Academy: So that is the Lms.
PLP Academy: Concerning your your Ms.
PLP Academy: Profile.
PLP Academy: You can set it the way you want.
PLP Academy: But not very necessary, though.
PLP Academy: even if you leave some parts and updated no problem, it will never affect your progress.
PLP Academy: Okay, yeah. But it is good to
PLP Academy: make sure you update this this sector.
PLP Academy: up to these about make sure you can update for the final project. You'll update the link once you
PLP Academy: start your final project. Okay?
PLP Academy: Alright, the rest you can update as you wish.
PLP Academy: Cool, that's cool.
PLP Academy: But remember, the more you
PLP Academy: like engage with Lms the better the points. So for better points. Make sure you feel like all of this.
PLP Academy: It's beautiful.
PLP Academy: Okay, that's it.
PLP Academy: Now let's check a few things
PLP Academy: on my learning a few things on my learning.
PLP Academy: So we've checked on how to do assignments.
PLP Academy: We've checked on events.
PLP Academy: So at least you know what's event. Notification.
PLP Academy: There will be notification. Most 3 of you download content. Okay?
PLP Academy: Yeah, that is, you download content. Mostly.
PLP Academy: That's when notification comes in, or they. If there is a new message on community that concerns you, you have a mention
PLP Academy: to be Updated there.
PLP Academy: So let's say, for example, we've read this lesson. You see, this lesson.
PLP Academy: Is being recorded.
PLP Academy: So where will you find the recordings of this lesson?
PLP Academy: You just need to come at the one, for example, and check for a reason that has
PLP Academy: your cohort name recording. For example, you can see here we have safaricom boot grass recordings. Leave that that does not belong to you. It was for them. Okay.
PLP Academy: we go to lesson 5
PLP Academy: Feb. Cohort. Feb. 2025 cohort recordings. Click on that. That's where your recordings are
PLP Academy: now you'll find there is, for example, the lies, the live class morning Session.
PLP Academy: This was a recorded class. This is the recorded version of the class that happened in the morning.
PLP Academy: It's always good to check. You might find that
PLP Academy: even though all crafts are similar.
PLP Academy: Okay, maybe there's something I said in the morning
PLP Academy: that I have not said in this class, okay? Or maybe there's something I've said in this class that I didn't say in the morning, or that I will say in the evening you get there could be one or 2 or more variations, so you can check for your own good.
PLP Academy: So for you to be able to view the recordings. Click on the live class. Right? Click all the links on the Lms. You have to right. Click. They are not. They don't operate by clicking. You have to right click
PLP Academy: open. Maybe.
PLP Academy: So once you open copy this passcode.
PLP Academy: Okay?
PLP Academy: You have to copy it because you'll be asked for it.
PLP Academy: I think I had accessed it. If it's your 1st time to access it.
PLP Academy: you'll be asked for a passcode, so make sure you copy it and give it for you to be able to view.
PLP Academy: But for me, I think I had accessed it. I had to test
PLP Academy: whether it was working before I came to class. So that's why it has just opened.
PLP Academy: So then you pray that I could be able to navigate. As you can see, they are working.
PLP Academy: That is how you should be able to access recordings just in case you Miss Cross.
PLP Academy: It also works good for you if you want to. Now, the best thing about to deal with this recording download it to your machine local machine. Why.
PLP Academy: Lms is a dynamic platform, as you can see.
PLP Academy: And so things keep on changing.
PLP Academy: Okay, things keeps on changing. So for your better. Access of such recordings
PLP Academy: download them. And because they are very long, you see, like this recording is around 2 h. If I'm not long.
PLP Academy: Yes, 1 h, 51 min.
PLP Academy: That's quite a long recording it.
PLP Academy: So watch it on nets.
PLP Academy: Maybe it might. If you are using Bados you will struggle, but if you are not using burles. Very good.
PLP Academy: but for future accessibility.
PLP Academy: you know, as time goes, for example, I think in the morning we tried to access the shook
PLP Academy: recordings and they were not available. After one month or so the recordings will be deleted. They are not there forever. Okay, they are just there to help you to catch up.
PLP Academy: Okay? So it's assumed that after one month
PLP Academy: you have catched up everything you wanted to catch up. So just in case for future reference of your own. You can download, you can just download. There is always this
PLP Academy: button download, so download them download the
PLP Academy: recordings so that you can enjoy them even offline. Okay, yes, it's easier that way.
PLP Academy: Yeah. And I've told you, after one month they will be deleted. They will be not be available after one month, so
PLP Academy: no cool, so far, so good.
PLP Academy: That said also on the oh, for example, on the
PLP Academy: say, for example, now we access software engineering. The first, st this kind of the 1st lesson of your module.
PLP Academy: Okay, nice cool. There you are.
PLP Academy: So you can see there is the rest on content. Okay?
PLP Academy: And this content is accessible. If you want to run this code, you must install an SDK
PLP Academy: like Vs code.
PLP Academy: Okay, where you don't have to worry. What's Vs code? Just go to your browser
PLP Academy: check for Vs code B is good, simple, yes, correct.
PLP Academy: You'll learn how to install this tomorrow. So today I will not go into details of installation. I'll just go to show you where you can find it.
PLP Academy: Download the Vs code model of your choice.
PLP Academy: That. That is not what I want. You can click download button, so if you click download button.
PLP Academy: you should be able to see models either is for windows or Linux or Mac Download
PLP Academy: and be happy. Install. Then you can copy and learn
PLP Academy: that code. The code for the code to run. You need a Vs code,
PLP Academy: Yes, you need Vs code. You won't learn just like that.
PLP Academy: Okay, yeah. Copy the code on Vs code and learn it. It will learn
PLP Academy: also. You might need, for example, this is a python code if I'm not Hello.
PLP Academy: and since this is a python code.
PLP Academy: mostly the the codes here are python. Actually the codes here. Most of them are python.
PLP Academy: So for you to be able to run, you also need to install python. Okay? So come here and type python.
PLP Academy: Just don't struggle. I told you there is no struggle. We don't struggle nowadays. Okay, python.
PLP Academy: Welcome to python.org. Yeah. Nice.
PLP Academy: Come here to downloads download for your windows
PLP Academy: either windows or Mac. If you are on Linux, you don't have to worry. Python comes installed in Linux by default.
PLP Academy: Okay, yes, where, even in windows, Python comes installed.
PLP Academy: But it is good to install this one
PLP Academy: for reasons I will tell you later on day 3
PLP Academy: as we will be, or tomorrow, maybe I will tell you tomorrow. So today let me not dive into that. Okay.
PLP Academy: so you can download and install. That is that
PLP Academy: for you, for that code to run. Okay, I'm just telling you, just in case you want to test that code.
PLP Academy: Yes, primarily. That's how you go around that now there is downloading the content.
PLP Academy: For example, you want to download this content.
PLP Academy: There is a file. There is the download content.
PLP Academy: Doc. Button, you click on it.
PLP Academy: It will send you an email.
PLP Academy: an Amir with download details on your email, okay, download content.
PLP Academy: So that is that but also
PLP Academy: there could be sorry also there could be
PLP Academy: additional resources. For example, you see this link. It has an additional link resources. For example, introduction to software engineering. Right? Click on it.
PLP Academy: open link on a new tab. It will directly read you to guide you to the presentation
PLP Academy: representation on software engineering.
PLP Academy: So
PLP Academy: it's very key. You note that most of the resources to access extra resources within the URL, you right click there, rings don't try clicking, they will not respond. They are not responsible just one click.
PLP Academy: and that is to ensure that you are not boggled, you know. Boggled by
PLP Academy: anything that you meet that needs to be clicked. Okay.
PLP Academy: yeah, it's the focus is to make it easier. The reason why we make sure that you can only right click to get a resource. It means that you need to. You are at that point when you need that resource. Okay.
PLP Academy: yes. So to make your work easier.
PLP Academy: Cool. So that's that
PLP Academy: there is always a video. Some lessons have video content, not. Or I've just said not my words. Some lessons.
PLP Academy: Video content.
PLP Academy: Like, I think this one should have video content.
PLP Academy: Yeah, cool, I think. Why is it not getting it? It should get it.
PLP Academy: And we'll see.
PLP Academy: Oh.
PLP Academy: and some content couldn't get the rest on.
PLP Academy: And so at times you can fight.
PLP Academy: Get these charges. Just make sure you restart you re you can just
PLP Academy: restart the browser. It will work, it works till restarting computing works wonders most of the time.
PLP Academy: Yeah. For example, it it was refusing just after restarting. It's working now.
PLP Academy: So after refreshing, you see, it's working, you can always refresh the browser
PLP Academy: if it gives you that message. That error message. Oh, content. What?
PLP Academy: Just log in in case it persist. Log out log in again. It will work. Okay.
PLP Academy: Yes. Such problems are expected. So you'll find a video like this one. This one will. Is a video.
PLP Academy: a recent video for just to explain to you
PLP Academy: what the lesson is all about.
PLP Academy: Okay, yes. And it's important.
PLP Academy: You can download it as well.
PLP Academy: And yeah, and be watching offline no problem.
PLP Academy: Right?
PLP Academy: That's cool. That's it.
PLP Academy: So you can be able to check on that
PLP Academy: any queries. So far, so good.
PLP Academy: Think I've explained everything about navigation quizzes
PLP Academy: anything. Assignments I've touched on them.
PLP Academy: Now, it's very important to understand every aspect of the Lms
PLP Academy: cause this is where running happens.
PLP Academy: So let me see your queries on the Q. And A's.
PLP Academy: So I'll go to Q. And A's.
PLP Academy: I'll be able to see all your carries.
PLP Academy: Oh, or somebody saying, Cyrus, Cyrus Hakuzi, man, Hakuzuyman, Hakuzi, man.
PLP Academy: Okay, Hakuzi mana
PLP Academy: you're saying that I'm now able to log in. But my names are not corrected yet. My name. Okay.
PLP Academy: so, Sheila, for that you can lay the ticket if
PLP Academy: if you are not able to change your names on the profile. Right?
PLP Academy: Just raise a ticket for that either technical issue
PLP Academy: laser ticket for that I had already.
PLP Academy: How do we get Prp. Cohort telegram? Link?
PLP Academy: It's there on the believe it's telegram, Link.
PLP Academy: Where do you get it?
PLP Academy: That one! I'm not. Let me see whether I can. I don't know whether I can be able to share or invite you.
PLP Academy: I'm not pretty sure I'm on telegram. Maybe somebody should guide me
PLP Academy: on how to share telegram link. I rarely use telegram myself.
PLP Academy: But I'm trying.
PLP Academy: I'm really trying blue Channel info.
PLP Academy: Let me see.
PLP Academy: Oh, no.
PLP Academy: I don't know. I don't know how you share on. Honestly, I'm there, but I don't know how to share the link.
PLP Academy: So maybe some somebody can tell me how to do that. Or if you're in telegram, you can try share the link
PLP Academy: on the on the
PLP Academy: on the what on the chat? That's okay. Try that. You'll help your colleagues here. Somebody is back
PLP Academy: sorry to disturb. May I have how we attend live classes, since 80% of them are mandatory.
PLP Academy: How to attend is very easy. I already explained that you attend arrive class
PLP Academy: by going to class sessions.
PLP Academy: And then you book you you register simple.
PLP Academy: Yeah.
PLP Academy: The cross sessions are open 12 h before.
PLP Academy: so you can register as early as 12 h before, and then just wait to join.
PLP Academy: Okay, for example.
PLP Academy: Oh.
PLP Academy: oh, here there is no cross sessions for today.
PLP Academy: I don't know.
PLP Academy: Okay.
PLP Academy: there should be class sessions, at least think it's because.
PLP Academy: yeah, in case you should see class sessions like of daily. They are updated. They are updated
PLP Academy: couldn't get class sessions.
PLP Academy: Okay, let me try to refresh more and see whether I'll get one.
PLP Academy: Yeah, we are there.
PLP Academy: I know they are there. So here you'll see all the crash sessions that you have, for example, on your end. This is not your
PLP Academy: god, this is Safaricom.
PLP Academy: but on your cohort you should be able to see Safaricom this week not safaricom, but software engineering essentials
PLP Academy: all the cohorts up to Friday
PLP Academy: you get. So you just pick one, for example, like that.
PLP Academy: And then.
PLP Academy: now that one is already added. So let's assume you were entering that, or do let's assume you are going for this, that with fat.
PLP Academy: You just need to click here to register and join.
PLP Academy: Okay, that's cool. Is that teasing?
PLP Academy: Okay, I hope that one sort your question out alright. Another one is asking, Oh.
PLP Academy: what application will be coding on? I've just explained application will be, coding is vs code yes, vs, code
PLP Academy: can someone have 2 sessions a day. Yes, you can enter in even know the 3. There is no
PLP Academy: issue. Actually, it will be an an additional point for you.
PLP Academy: Would you be rewarded better.
PLP Academy: What's a pitch deck? Can someone be awarded? Both certificate is possible if successful or just one, you just get one based on what you did.
PLP Academy: If you provide
PLP Academy: a pitch last me 1st answer. What's a pitch deck? A pitch deck is just a presentation of your project. Simple. I've said, you'll be taken. How? Through how to create one.
PLP Academy: then?
PLP Academy: You can only be given certificate of achievement if you deliver a fully functional project
PLP Academy: and a peach, Dick.
PLP Academy: That's when you get a certificate of achievement.
PLP Academy: You don't have that. But you have participated through the process.
PLP Academy: and you committed yourself to 100% completion of every module, you get certificate of participation or not both.
PLP Academy: That's cool.
PLP Academy: When we reset up Github today, as early as today, I think I've explained that you need a Github account
PLP Academy: as added as, but tomorrow you'll have a live session of setting up one, just in case you are not able to set by your own.
PLP Academy: But, as I've I've explained to you, you should be able to set up one by your own.
PLP Academy: Yes, very easily.
PLP Academy: We we have
PLP Academy: events where we hear from professionals who have specialized in the field. We want to special. Yes.
PLP Academy: I've explained. That's that's the reason why we have master classes.
PLP Academy: Chibonso. Okay, that's why we have master classes. We invite professionals who are already practicing
PLP Academy: in the field, and they talk to you.
PLP Academy: and that's all about master classes.
PLP Academy: Oh.
PLP Academy: telegram Link, maybe you can ask from your friends. I I really don't have an access to one. Currently.
PLP Academy: I I think I don't know how to share one. I wish I knew I could have helped you.
PLP Academy: but ask your friends to share on the chat. Maybe somebody should share on the chat. A telegram Link, how to join? I
PLP Academy: have 0 ideas personally.
PLP Academy: Why am I not able to access group telegram in the home?
PLP Academy: A moment? I'm telegraph.
PLP Academy: You should check.
PLP Academy: There is an invitation link use you use you got. You should have gotten an email with an invitation link to all that to
PLP Academy: allow telegram channel. And today, Ms, I hope you got one.
PLP Academy: What do you mean? Drop off by not attending classes or accessing module?
PLP Academy: Yeah, if you are not accessing class modules, and you are not. That is the live class like we are having today.
PLP Academy: Currently and you are not also logging into Lms.
PLP Academy: Okay, then you'll be dropped off and you'll be discontinued from the program completely.
PLP Academy: Yes, but before you are dropped off there will be a reach out to you
PLP Academy: to tell you you should come back.
PLP Academy: So maybe you also don't respond to a phone an email.
PLP Academy: a phone call or a text.
PLP Academy: then we have no option but to discontinue you, you know.
PLP Academy: apart from group project. Will everyone be required to present his own project?
PLP Academy: No, it's if you are in a group project. That is the final project. That's what I'm saying.
PLP Academy: You will present as a group.
PLP Academy: Okay, so there will be no issue with that.
PLP Academy: But if you are an individual, you present as an individual.
PLP Academy: Okay.
PLP Academy: Yes.
PLP Academy: can github supported be supported by phone how do one, get an account which apps to use on phone.
PLP Academy: Like I said, phone Bocatcha, you can use leopret on phone, but it is limited. Note. Lepreet is limited.
PLP Academy: But you can use select Github. You can have a github up. There's a Github app
PLP Academy: on the phone, but it is also limited
PLP Academy: in terms of operation compared to desktop.
PLP Academy: Okay, so make sure you have one on your laptop or desktop.
PLP Academy: He was.
PLP Academy: What a home!
PLP Academy: Oh, how will we be able to show that one has done 4 h
PLP Academy: like I said anything you do on the Lms.
PLP Academy: It's recorded. So if you are, for example, studying using the Lms.
PLP Academy: And it's recorded. So why not?
PLP Academy: Oh.
PLP Academy: and there is an assignment, I should submit. Yes, I've already shown the assignment and how to go around it. So in case you didn't get that part
PLP Academy: after class. Make sure you watch this video.
PLP Academy: I've explained how to go to assignment and
PLP Academy: be able to sort out assignments.
PLP Academy: Okay, cool.
PLP Academy: So I think I'm checking for a new question.
PLP Academy: Very directory by clicking the link.
PLP Academy: Now, you can create your own credentials. Burial.
PLP Academy: Yeah, it's very dangerous to just
PLP Academy: like, have access to Lms without credentials. So create your own credentials.
PLP Academy: Yeah, don't. Don't operate open. It's dangerous. Somebody can hack your lms.
PLP Academy: Yeah. And it means the other people might
PLP Academy: be able to use it if they access your email. Okay?
PLP Academy: Yes, I'm pretty. Jenna.
PLP Academy: Oh, is it possible to do
PLP Academy: 2 modules given, I'm able to pursue them.
PLP Academy: No, you only choose one
PLP Academy: but what it is not restricted. You can attend the classes for other modules. There is no restrictions toward that. You can attend the classes for other modules.
PLP Academy: and you can also develop a project in them. So there is no problem but for specialization you choose one. But if you want knowledge on other modules, it's available. Just attend the class, do the projects they are given
PLP Academy: wearing goods.
PLP Academy: Okay, yes, but specialization ordinary one.
PLP Academy: How is cross attendance?
PLP Academy: Trucked?
PLP Academy: Very easy. If you just attended, it means you had registered.
PLP Academy: And so that registration was registered on zoom.
PLP Academy: and zoom helps us to analyze your data for all the attendance the class the attendees who did attend today's class.
PLP Academy: Yes, your soul.
PLP Academy: We get very easily
PLP Academy: as well. Also, if you attended using your Lms and you clicked on the class session
PLP Academy: by a cross session.
PLP Academy: we it's also very easy to attend, because, after the session, Zoom will tell me how many students? Why, but login has all your details there on the Lms as well.
PLP Academy: Okay, Gloria Mkwana, is it normal that I have absolutely no study materials on my Lms, no, it's abnormal.
PLP Academy: You should have, at least on my learning. There should be one module that is software engineering essentials, this one software engineering.
PLP Academy: So in case that's the then laser ticket, I said, you just come here, raise a ticket.
PLP Academy: do your name, your email, your number.
PLP Academy: your category of issue. Maybe you say content issue because you don't have content.
PLP Academy: And then, continue, give it a subject you don't have maybe anything there on my lms, and then.
PLP Academy: explain a bit. Give a simple explanation of your lms, you can even screenshot to show better. Okay? And then raise the issue
PLP Academy: cool.
PLP Academy: I think I showed that before.
PLP Academy: So it's not normal.
PLP Academy: Let me see any other question on here.
PLP Academy: How can someone access the day? One assignment cause? There is no link to the assignment or submission link
PLP Academy: the restaurant of the day the same.
PLP Academy: So so you can see if once you go to software engineering essentials, you go to day one
PLP Academy: part of less than 5 day one
PLP Academy: there is the quiz, the survey, and the last part is assignment day, one assignment.
PLP Academy: That's how you access it, just in case your Lms. Does not have this.
PLP Academy: Maybe it has the reason they wanted to raise a ticket.
PLP Academy: Okay, yes.
PLP Academy: The lessons we are attending are all the same, like what we are doing in this lesson is what we did in the morning. Okay.
PLP Academy: yeah. So just choose to attend one. Don't struggle to attend twice. Not unless maybe
PLP Academy: you enjoyed the class so much, and maybe you want to enjoy the same. Maybe it's okay.
PLP Academy: But the content is the same who makes the groups.
PLP Academy: The groups will be assigned. Eventually you are assigned groups by their domain.
PLP Academy: Now by the Admin, just like the way you are
PLP Academy: given login access the same way.
PLP Academy: Brief as I should go to brief.
PLP Academy: I think I've answered Jeff, how to attend new class.
PLP Academy: How do I do? I connect Nigerian group members?
PLP Academy: Stephanie, I think you're in Nigeria.
PLP Academy: in your groupings you'll be grouped, as
PLP Academy: I think, in the groupings. I'm not very sure with how you are grouped.
PLP Academy: The criteria might not be that you are from the same country.
PLP Academy: But maybe you can reach out and see whether there is a Whatsapp group. You can.
PLP Academy: Okay, we. We encourage you guys. You can use any means of communication you can you want.
PLP Academy: But the best way would go via telegram, go via telegram
PLP Academy: and check whether there is a way, a way, a way of checking for example.
PLP Academy: ask the discuss group on the discuss group, ask who are
PLP Academy: connect with members from your country.
PLP Academy: I think they can be able to connect from there. You can even offer.
PLP Academy: I was up, maybe Link, and they can be able to join from there that that can happen.
Evans Mutuku: Okay.
PLP Academy: Yes, alright, that's
PLP Academy: How is class attendance checked?
PLP Academy: I've trunked, I think I've already explained that double chamber
PLP Academy: some classes collides with my invest. How can I access direct charitor?
PLP Academy: I've already shown that just in case you've missed the lecture.
PLP Academy: we just need to go to my learning check on plus lesson buddies.
PLP Academy: maybe. Day one, for example. Check on
PLP Academy: there is a reason for your recordings like, for example, for you, it will always be Feb. 2025 cohort recordings.
PLP Academy: Check there, and there you'll find the recording.
PLP Academy: You'll find the recording. Even this lesson will be posted there afterwards.
PLP Academy: For example, you can see the morning class is already posted.
PLP Academy: You can be able to light creek and log in and enjoy cool.
PLP Academy: Make sure you use the passcode to access the view
PLP Academy: without that passcode, you cannot access the view.
PLP Academy: Alright yes, so that is how you do it oh,
PLP Academy: so you sign in how do you sign in for class attendance. You just need to go to class sessions.
PLP Academy: click on the session, and then there is, there will always be a choice of.
PLP Academy: For example, if I click here, you can see there is click here to register and join the session. That's how you do it.
PLP Academy: Okay, thanks. Today, I'm very reliant. I'm asking your questions.
PLP Academy: Thank you for your time. I want to focus on our online presence.
PLP Academy: Oh.
PLP Academy: yeah.
PLP Academy: yeah, I said, currently, the only module you should be able to see is
PLP Academy: software engineering. The rest will appear as you continue. For example, others like Python will appear after 2 weeks
PLP Academy: so software engineering will only go for 2 weeks, 10 days, actually.
PLP Academy: yes, and the content is arranged in 5 days every day has at least 2 lessons.
PLP Academy: Yeah.
PLP Academy: So make sure you check that.
PLP Academy: And let me check for a question that I've not answered. The program is self paced. You should,
PLP Academy: be able to be free to lead at your own pace.
PLP Academy: But we will explain a few concepts here and there. You can also always ask questions. It's expected that before you come to class, you've already covered by yourself whatever is on the
PLP Academy: place on the Lms, and you can be able to ask questions and interact with your read instructor.
PLP Academy: okay, what is the acceleration in doing this course, accreditation
PLP Academy: the prudence, Cadure, oh, the certification you get in Prp is globally recognized.
PLP Academy: Yeah, it's globally recognized. Think of it as a certificate like the one you do in Microsoft
PLP Academy: or the one you're doing, maybe oracle because it shows a skill. Okay, yes, I think that is that
PLP Academy: for joy, prudence is it mandatory for one today
PLP Academy: to do the day. One quiz immediately after day. One classes, or one can do it any other day.
PLP Academy: It all depends on how fast you want to move.
PLP Academy: like I've said. For example, I gave an example.
PLP Academy: There was this student who called me on Friday. Once on Friday, once you were given the Login access. That night a student called me not called, but emailed me
PLP Academy: and
PLP Academy: and she told me that she was already on day 4, and she wanted to go to day 5. Okay, because it's self paced. It's you to determine how you wanna go.
PLP Academy: All right, so you can do it immediately. You can wait.
PLP Academy: The only thing is that you cannot be able to move to next week's content without having done the quizzes and the surveys and the assignments in
PLP Academy: one day.
PLP Academy: Okay?
PLP Academy: Oh, no.
PLP Academy: Check your email, check your Internet. If your Lms is not loading, check your Internet.
PLP Academy: The recordings are live after class. I'm checking for a new query.
PLP Academy: We haven't pitch decks. Everything you do is virtual, even pitch deck.
PLP Academy: It's virtual.
PLP Academy: We don't have physical classes.
PLP Academy: Yeah.
PLP Academy: So group somebody is telling me. Have groups been formed or confirmed that you? I don't know. I don't have access to your cohort
PLP Academy: like content, like the way I have. I've told you what I have here is what was for Safaricom.
PLP Academy: So I'll check out whether your groups have been formed. I'm not fully aware of that. So I would be. I'm not in a position to answer that.
PLP Academy: Oh.
PLP Academy: no, the lessons are not continuation. Each lesson is a repetition of what have been happening
PLP Academy: the whole day, so choose only one.
PLP Academy: Oh.
PLP Academy: there is no say. For example, we have a hackathon
PLP Academy: power hack, power, hack power. They are called power hacks. So if you have a power hack session.
PLP Academy: then for that you have to travel, say, for example, we say we have power hack at UOM.
PLP Academy: If you need to participate in that.
PLP Academy: you can. You have to travel, you get but layered. We have such.
PLP Academy: Most of the hackathons are virtual. Most sort of our hackathons are virtual, but at times we can have a powerhouse.
PLP Academy: Which maybe it's done in a specific place.
PLP Academy: Mostly we? That's when you might need to travel. But, Larry, like last cohort, we didn't have one.
PLP Academy: We we no longer. We we discourage such because we want you guys to
PLP Academy: do things call virtually.
PLP Academy: And since our program is virtual
PLP Academy: we realize that that program is not really good for our students. So what we have is
PLP Academy: coffee and cold sessions. Those are the only physical things. If you want to travel where and good you can. So, for example, if we have.
PLP Academy: we have, for example, we have upcoming. On February 28, th
PLP Academy: we have a coffee and cold events.
PLP Academy: Oh, for
PLP Academy: Safaricom, not for you guys. So if you want to to participate in that, you can travel to, it will be in
PLP Academy: Saint Paul's University. You can travel there your way there. Okay, but you don't have to
PLP Academy: for you guys. We don't expect a lot from you. We don't expect you to do. February 28 is on Friday. So we don't expect that maybe you
PLP Academy: you'll be. We don't expect to engage with for the previous cohort, but not for you guys, for you guys before we create an event. We have also to ensure that we have
PLP Academy: equipped you to be in in a position to
PLP Academy: enjoy that event. We don't want to call you to events where you fought.
PLP Academy: Okay, yes, that's cool. I think I've answered you better.
PLP Academy: Oh.
PLP Academy: so I'm doing my university coursework in parallel, so may not be able to.
PLP Academy: So this is how it works. Maybe you are not able to attend a live class.
PLP Academy: Make sure you go to the Lms and follow up on the recording.
PLP Academy: Okay, that's why you have a recording. Alright. We understand you could be busy on other things. But make sure you follow the recording
PLP Academy: so that your consistency on the Lms shows up.
PLP Academy: Yes, and live classes always make sure you find time to attend one.
PLP Academy: Yes, 80% of life crashes is required. Remember that. Yes.
PLP Academy: So I don't know which assignment you attempted, and it's checking August 2024 cohort.
PLP Academy: But our assignments are that way, I don't think whichever assignment you get. Maybe I don't know could be that it's
PLP Academy: you on your edit didn't.
PLP Academy: Oh, I don't get it, because the assignment we are having is this one se day, one.
PLP Academy: yeah, don't worry
PLP Academy: of any other thing is Sd. Day, one and maybe day, 2 day, 3 day that.
PLP Academy: Okay, I think that's cool. I think I've answered most of your questions. Anyone with a query, maybe
PLP Academy: the dashboard have only Feb, 2025 cohorts.
PLP Academy: It has. Only, you guys, you cannot be mixed with other cohorts. There's no mix up. Okay, yeah.
PLP Academy: The date. It is you who open the content, I've already explained. Say, for example, you have done the assignments.
PLP Academy: Let me show you. I think this one. I'll show you with the
PLP Academy: I think I've never done anything with data data in front of.
PLP Academy: So, for example, if I want to unlock next week for this session. Assuming this is self.
PLP Academy: I have just to come here and click this button unlock next week.
PLP Academy: Yes, then I'll be told there's a quiz I have to attend, so make sure you attend the quiz after you complete. Maybe there is an assignment complete, and then click, unlock again. This the week 2 will be unlocked.
PLP Academy: Yes.
PLP Academy: And finally, let me, maybe there is somebody's, whose hand is up anybody, let me see.
PLP Academy: you can see some hands up.
PLP Academy: So I want to give you time to talk. Mila. Billy, you are allowed to talk
PLP Academy: Mila, Billy.
PLP Academy: Now talking no one else. Emmanuel Nyakow. Nyakoi.
PLP Academy: If you've raised your hand up, it means you want to talk so. That's why I'm giving you
PLP Academy: has to talk anyone.
PLP Academy: How I see, events is on the core instructor events. He'll be taking you tomorrow through
PLP Academy: like installation of Git and Github and how to work with. Maybe, according to
PLP Academy: Vs code and python.
PLP Academy: So it'll take you through the session tomorrow. Events you can say Hi to the learners.
Evans Mutuku: Okay, thank you, Jake. And Hi, everyone. I hope you are well.
Evans Mutuku: and I hope to meet you tomorrow. The whole day. We are going to be spending the day together, creating gate and setting up our account development servers and then within, and actually have some fun with Kitab. So tomorrow hope to see you all there. Thank you, Jackie.
PLP Academy: Thank you. Events.
PLP Academy: Events, is our daddy here. We call him Daddy. He's he's a good, great, great, great, great great Daddy to us here
PLP Academy: at Plp. So anyone want to talk to us? I can sing anyone. I'm trying to give you a chance to talk.
PLP Academy: and you are not talking and your hands are up.
PLP Academy: Okay, since you are not talking, I think I will say that's up.
PLP Academy: So that is how you be able to navigate around Lms. Lms. Navigation is key. Remember, I've told you
PLP Academy: at Prp. Learning happens on the Lms. On the Prp. Academy. Cool.
PLP Academy: and that's it. Thank you so much for joining seal
PLP Academy: tomorrow, or, if you like, there will be an evening session. You can also join in.
PLP Academy: Thank you, and have a blessed afternoon.